Thing called grape
Hey today
N Easy West tightening exercise
I'm introducing it, but usually everyone training next to this
Toka Harahasusuji
I thought and minute that was doing Toka training say
But I think that Yokoo root amount
That sometimes I take Sayama
It is not high strength though
This technique
training
Backlight, which began on the tray can be every time
Wide Somehow But
Why kit or a person, such as Toka or doing dance Ikeru gone to maybe
It is not high intensity, but technique required item
It is introduction only one
Wintering
Say what kind of sit-ups or when the First must defeat attitude Iteiru
Catch Isa Ano
Terrain sound Gravity is bad, but planet Vegeta comes and flows 10 times of the earth
Gravity is deep
For example, what happens when we talk with j force
This lost the source gradually gravity to the similarities says Mako the attitude
The reason for the internal organs and in and out of clothes whether you leverage went to Neptune or person doctor
It can also be said that you are hungry
Come on 35
Tsu become this way in O'o grandpa and factory
Lose even after gravity
I'm losing
Ask for the best attitude against that gravity
The voice is so difficult it is difficult
Puzz you
This guy
Take the pelvis and let this be perpendicular to the floor 5 f
Well then girls
I'm going to pay
In this state
I got an effect from a
I would like to see Dazai
Straight Ittsu' the it was easy to voice
This is one
so
The bones here are cleaned with two bones on top
First of all
In addition
Goose sees the other side
Do you lift up
That's why
I pull it up with me
The place to come is usually fixed
Tteyuu door training to consolidate stomach
It does not come without'm
Feeling to harden the core of the stomach
It? Lift to here come to lift Henkotsu
But it is 4 to lift with wig
I understand something
Close relationship
In a little attitude
It does this about the lifting
Well, let's make it here first
If you harden the place
A little witch on the chest
Close the ribs
It will bite spread the stomach
Tighten and spread so golden
Only What do you want this area to say Oh Atsu' Te'
Muscles I don't usually use
is there
And now I'm completely fixed
Head here
Bring your hand to security again
Komatsu front day
I like the Tteyuu
It's very hard
Excuse me
this
Because it is not an ordinary sound matcha movement
But this is when the magico Kyu become you
Go quite to do with the girl
I'm making it with my neck
Made from making sleep this state
What
How do I usually do a crunch ?
Get dry inside
A brunch woman who usually wears back hurts
I also do
I will do it hard
If you solidify the inside of this stomach
Treasure So you Tteyuu inner muscle
It is
I do not recommend Nestle exercise this time though
You don't know Kato that way
Maybe training newbie code
I should say
If there was damage
Take a look at the crew
I'm worried about
Wrong